I'll give this shelf a lot in owensboro
be a sin devil I mean so long Joseloff
commitment Bart Allen and seven little
girl well John mallow played my wife was
very good thank Raven loss tangent
please Humber Holland patty Flynn was
fantastic again tonight I know Danny
tickle takes about the magic station
just because it's as a machine now I
work for what I think that Joe Bella was
was by far the best brownfield my father
did good Levi add one thing we've really
had to work out on his is our commitment
to the fencing thought tonight as well
yeah it's not something that happens on
my second could be here to get the stage
gets a very talented talking to you
subtracted individuals in my team to a
couple of tries from geeks thanks the
pretty impressive performance are those
from except the same pleased to be a bit
understatement there I think then I
think it's good for them the conference
of the control from that is there is
immeasurable
the other when he looks at what we've
done do over the last couple years and
the development and all those lines are
in a really Isis here McGrath flew eyes
and then you see the butter picking up
something like there Paul Johnson
ability to pick up park office it's
being able to say file that talent this
is out there put in environment and all
of the character concern roots but
letting you know that you go to recruit
quality and having again tonight
identical ones among the night his work
ethic is unbelievable I think it's it's
based on something else and what what
you get through both have that long as
there is just a move on the gap I'm just
so impressed by both of them and every
time we every time place Danny Danny
Galu depresses me more and more and
while the more custom to get to this
game in this league and that you just
saw tonight Kenny with just some of his
defensive efforts were outstanding he's
really solid and he's getting fit bit
more what's that Alden is it is rolling
this in this club I think I've got the
board it's like it's hard to pick
anybody out okay I both John Bella but I
think that was a fantastic team
performance that's what we're going to
iron out our ethos in our did that group
of people like this is not going to be
successful young as 17 mokes really
successful year for want it to be on the
back of 25 times
what's the composer your side side
showed am impressed one of the most
impressive things as well because in 10
mill down you getting front any rate
punch behind again he didn't seem so
there's any element of panic that's all
I don't believe this it's not something
it's like and it's like more than wise
took 25 years ago an organized success
that's all those we've been doing this
for last two years it's one off we begin
points away it going back and if we've
learned how to deal with that pressure
that's what the game does to the games
it's clearly it's not 12 points is not a
lot if you can find some field position
you can find a little bit of share the
ball and you can just get enough
opportunities oh I thought tonight
sometimes with Guzman attack as well as
we can I think we were a little bit edgy
we had a great belief in ourselves were
edging the bottom but will not want to
make too many mistakes I think that's
that's from the gravels as a conference
girls in the group and spin it chemicals
I'm tastic tonight he got that Chuck to
defend he's taken it was taken kevin
brown spot is
an injured and mass of my
responsibilities train Mary's play with
him and was a little bit edgy at first
wouldn't grew into it and those of his
confidence in the group in him he knows
I've got a lot conference in and
manageability and as the game really
good I think you saw that I've that
belief in them and each other it's not
just something miss appeared it sort of
never worked on him all those last three
games flashing through our preseason
this year as last couple weeks has been
then something that we got to foster and
nurture the the official sintered debate
least your second traffic for a few
seconds you can event right now can bait
as long as they want but although I was
stupid up and down I couldn't say from
where I was and top corner what the lies
near in God's children and pixie I don't
really got for you obviously they've
learned to try jimmy jatt off Walden I'm
not gonna clean okay I did the a
honey-like gardening style yeah fa wrong
track gotta see that skill even working
values Agosta just like replacing me
Phil's get better better this loss in
his game that it's really enjoyable to
watch John it's just new emerging that
and going after its positives as the
talented it sounds of rubble play
anything he's got things that
a lot a lot of players owners know we've
really dynamic it's hard to put down is
it also got a great person him and we
didn't see a lot of it tonight we've not
really gonna good handling skills not a
problem is that when they do work he
seems to like to use them all the time
how have to go over than all the people
i think what you see it is again it's
that iranian fruition I'm a little bit
it's a second game of the season or you
can see that there is improvement in
this team it's going to be a tough week
and on the blackest and this we've got
back up again runnel home game next
thurs down TV and we've got all by
ourselves and occupies done working hard
hey John class get ready to go buy some
fitness tests today where it's a girl's
captain a global you'll figure next week
give me ground not far off our bands
available they valence available and
think coming Phelps is available so it's
nice it's a nice situation to be in at
the moment they're like oh ok ok all
this yes just took at least got no bed
nerve damage from the world the further
first game he took a whack and he took a
whack on the head Britain affected his
neck and he was just it's just not worth
the risk again they still in here of
point so much pressure on him because he
can he's not got a lot of film in his
shoulder he says he wants to play
typical app what we got said that
responsibility that's a long way to go
in and he said his well-being sporting
support tools okay
you